Quest 3 loading release checks

Automated: npm test && npm run build

Implementation:
- Desktop loads standard JPEG; phones load mobile JPEG.
- VR displays a mobile preview, then upgrades to the existing HQ JPEG.
- A ready cached HQ panorama skips the preview. Entering VR at the same
  location preserves the visible desktop image while HQ loads.
- One speculative download at a time, up to two neighboring VR previews,
  scheduled 1.5 seconds after the current panorama finishes loading.
- Navigation cancels obsolete downloads/uploads. Failures keep the last
  ready view. Network timeout: 45 seconds; texture timeout: 30 seconds.
- Compressed download cache: 24 MiB and 12 entries, least recently used eviction.
- Panorama GPU cache: estimated RGBA8 256 MiB and 6 entries, with upload space
  reserved before allocating. Current assets are at most 8K, 4K and 2K.
  This is not a cap on total browser RAM; decode buffers, UI, render targets
  and browser overhead are additional. New asset sizes require revalidation.
- No image-format, refresh-rate, foveation or persistent-storage changes.

Headset smoke test before release (not performed in this session):
1. Open the deployed build, enter VR and visit at least ten locations.
2. On a slow connection, verify old view -> preview -> sharp HQ without blank
   frames, rotated images, changed hotspot alignment or map/caption glitches.
3. Click different destinations quickly, including during the HQ upgrade.
   Only the latest destination should win; returning to a cached view is fast.
4. Temporarily interrupt connectivity. The prior view/preview must remain
   usable; reconnect and click again to retry. No stuck navigation controls.
5. Exit and re-enter VR during a download; verify the final mode and location.
6. Verify desktop navigation and left-controller map/buttons still work.
7. Repeat navigation for 10 minutes and check for texture corruption, context
   loss or continued memory growth. Measure total memory on the actual headset.

Node regression tests use controlled Babylon texture doubles; they cover the
actual loading methods but do not substitute for GPU/headset visual validation.
